Welcome to my channel this time
I will show you how I prepare beans
with bone and this time we have
Peruvian beans 2 cups
approximately we also have this
rib with chamorro with bone that
they are being approximately 2 pounds
between the two things half onion 2
cloves of garlic and a bay leaf and
salt to taste
so for our preparation we go
first to put a pot the water a
Once we are boiling it we are going to put
our our flesh since the meat
luck is spilling that loose is the
let's go
a spoon to remove all that and
let's add the beans and
approximately we are going to leave them to
boiling over medium heat for two hours
so that does not make a recipe very
simple but very tasty
and I hope you like it
after two hours these are the
results as we were and now
we're just going to pay it and we're going to
serve in our this is the result
of how our beans were with
bone
I on this occasion accompanied him with a
little bit of onion cilantro and some
lemon droplets
beans is the taste of you
only that I wanted this time
use Peruvian beans then I hope they
I liked my way of preparing it in
the description box are all
ingredients
thank you very much for your visit and you have not
I invite you to do so
remember to cook is easy and fun
We are looking at the next